add policy for corrections and late submissions (#449)
CDCgov/covid19-forecast-hub: model-output/README.md

## Policy on late or updated submissions 

In order to ensure that forecasting is done in real-time, all forecasts are required to be submitted to this repository by 11 PM ET on Wednesdays each week. 

### Pre-deadline updates
Teams may submit updates or corrections until the forecast submission deadline.

### Post-deadline corrections

> After the weekly hub ensemble is generated (scheduled for Thursdays at 10 AM US/Eastern Time), no further changes can be made to weekly forecasts. Between the submission deadline and ensemble generation, teams may ask to revise a forecast to correct a technical errors (e.g. accidentally submitting a wrong version of a file). We will consider these requests on a case-by-case basis. Teams should not use this correction mechanism as a way to extend the submission deadline; regular requests to revise a forecast after the submission deadline from the same team may be denied.

Reviewer: Typo fix and slight edit. 

```suggestion
Between the submission deadline and ensemble generation, teams may request to revise a submission to correct technical errors (e.g. accidentally submitting the wrong version of a file). We will consider these correction requests on a case-by-case basis. After the weekly hub ensemble is generated (scheduled for Thursdays at 10 AM US/Eastern Time), no further changes can be made to weekly forecasts. 

Teams should not use the technical correction mechanism as a way to extend the submission deadline, so frequent requests for technical corrections from a single team are more likely to be denied.
```
